* This is a version of my program ported from C++ to Python. In this version I made some important changes.
* First of all, I tried to place repeatable code in functions. I still haven't been able to implement some of my ideas. For example, I wanted a decorator that would open a file and close it automatically after calling the create_file, read_from_file and save_to_file functions. Ultimately, each of these functions opens the file in a different mode. However, I still haven't managed to develop a decorator that could pass a file object to a function.
* The program is also written in a functional programming approach. I couldn't find any positive aspects of the object-oriented approach in this application.
* In the create_name and create_password functions, the name and password variables are global. The program worked fine, but PyCharm displayed the following information:
  * that the variable name is already used in another part of the code, which I solved by simply changing the name to name_arg and password_arg (as in the case of the validate_password function)
  * that a variable can be defined before it is actually created in the code (although it is only local). For me, however, the solution seemed correct. After a little research on Stack Overflow, I decided to create global variables for security and code stability reasons.
* When creating this application, I also used Git for the first time. Having learned from the experience of creating code previously in C++, I wanted to have all versions under control (*yes, I happened to delete a line that added absolutely nothing constructive to the code, and then it turned out that every little thing stopped working, quite unpredictably, and I didn't remember where and exactly what I deleted*). During the design changes, several new branches were even created.
* As you can guess, I spent a while adjusting RegEx.
* Some design choices may seem unreasonable, but they only serve to demonstrate my testing skills, e.g.:
  * when logging out of the account, the user is logged out and then redirected to log in again
  * however, after exiting the user menu using [Q], the user goes straight to the main menu, without logging out
* I am *very satisfied* with the flow of my code. I managed to structure the code so that all actions take place in the right order. This is a big improvement for me after my first C++ code, where I used goto statement - *spoiler, it wasn't the wisest decision*.
* I'm also *quite proud* of my choice of file extension and variable type for storing user data. *I believe that the dictionary - json duo was intended for this application.* This makes maintaining the database a real *pleasure*! (At least compared to my first attempt in C++...) A dictionary is also ideal in this case because user password (*values*) can be changed, while username (*keys*) cannot.
* The clear_sreen function seems to be a bit of a clutter, and with a 2 second delay, it makes the application feel like it's not the fastest. Still, *out of this strange QA belief*, I choose the aesthetics and readability of the application. *Readability could be improved by removing all initial user prints, but I leave it uncommented because it makes it easier to test the application and see what is actually happening.*
* I do not add a file with user data because a new one will be created the first time program runs and anyone using my application can create their own user database.
