I had a lot of fun writing this code, I'm embarrassed to admit it. Just like in my school days. At school, I attended mathematics, physics and computer science classes. We learned to program in several languages, including Logo. I must say that all these years I missed the "turtle", as my teacher used to call it. And playing with the turtle module in Python gave me a lot of satisfaction. It's true that it was a bit difficult for me to remember the appropriate nomenclature and the appropriate formulas for calculations. Like calculating the base of a triangle when I only know one angle and the length of an arm! It wasn't easy! And they said I would never use these formulas in adulthood...

Anyway, the code is written based on functional programming. It was very intuitive for me and made it easier to work with repetitive code elements. I also spent a while fiddling with the aesthetic arrangement of my shapes. On the mathematical side, the Python math module came to my rescue. I also had minor problems with clearly arranging the functions in a reasonable order. I must admit that I am not very familiar with the convention in this aspect. So I decided that it would be most readable if I arranged the functions in the order from the least complicated to the next, more complex and triggering other functions. The code was written as my attempt to solve a problem from the Think Python book. And I must admit at that moment I couldn't understand the author's code at all. Therefore, I wrote the entire code myself, from scratch, and I am very pleased with the result. So here comes my Franklin.
